UNIT 2
Day 6:
Prompt Engineering
Prompt Engineering: The art of refining prompts to get better responses from AI.

Prompt engineering is a powerful tool, but it shouldn't be an excuse for AI flaws.


The prompt framework (T-C-R-E-I)

Task: 
Who is the AI (E.g, Marketer, Teacher, researcher)
Format:(Output type (e.g, Table, CSV, List)

Context:
Good: “Ideas for a gift under $30.”
Great: “5 ideas for a 29-year-old who loves winter sports and just switched from snowboarding to skiing. Budget $30.”

Reference:
Provide additional data, examples, or specific ideas to guide the AI.

Attached is documentation about the coding framework we are using.

Here are some examples of similar outputs we liked in the past.

NOTE: If you make a reference, the AI might produce something extremely similar and that would limit it in terms of its capabilities to be unique.

Evaluate:
Review the output. Does it meet the requirements?

Iterate:
Feed errors back in.

Add more detail or refine the constraints.

NOTES:
AI right now can’t give you a satisfactory answer if your prompt is too long.
If you have a 3 paragraph long prompt, it probably won't give you the answer you want because it can't output enough information at once.

If you are getting answers you don't want, try different phrasing. EX:

“Write a marketing plan”

“Write a story about how this product fits into a customer's file.”

Day 7:
PROMPTS WE USED TODAY: 

I'm a marketer for a well-known video game producer known for creating immersive story-based online video game. I'm planning the launch of a new medieval fantasy role playing game that follows the path of a young protagonist searching for their missing partner. the game is reaching the end stages of development, and I need help creating a timeline before it goes live. provide a rough timeline for the year leading up to its launch. Also, provide some pre-launch ideas to help generate buzz around the game.


Now write a concise, consumer-facing email with this same information.
Explain that this new schedule will help us better serve them.
Make the tone, fun, friendly.
Include a pun about lifting weights.
I have 10 employees.
Their employee numbers are 1-10.
create a table that tracks weekly staffing.
Create columns for day, name, and shift ( Morning or afternoon)
- there should always be 2 employees scheduled morning and afternoon.
- Employees should not be scheduled for a morning shift on the following day after they were scheduled for an afternoon shift.
- shifts should be roughly equal across employees.

